README.md, before:

# Kubernetes Conformance

Info regarding the CNCF K8s Conformance Working Group.

The Kubernetes Software Conformance Working Group operates under the aegis of CNCF. We are collaborating with the Kubernetes [Architecture](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/sig-architecture/README.md) and [Testing](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/sig-testing/README.md) SIGs to help ensure awareness and acceptance of our processes.

The goal for the group is to create a software conformance program that any Kubernetes implementation can use to demonstrate that they are conformant and interoperate. Here is a [list](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1LxSqBzjOxfGx3cmtZ4EbB_BGCxT_wlxW_xgHVVa23es/edit#gid=0) of all known current implementations of Kubernetes.

# Instructions

Are [here](instructions.md)

# Mailing List

https://lists.cncf.io/mailman/listinfo/cncf-k8s-conformance

⚠️ To view all the docs below your Google account MUST also belong to [kubernetes-dev](https://goo.gl/C4CR8r) (though you don't need to actually receive mail from the group).

# Slack

[slack.k8s.io](slack.k8s.io) #k8s-conformance 

# Documentation

* [Early design proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JsE9itAzL-ZSqKbd5rYnHKKSFW6xK4m50wBj1lTz6Do/edit#heading=h.ub3h0cdur849)
* [Certified Kubernetes Design Brief](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16ORnXNkR-hFQzNZ6aL3OroXM6_zLP4gKME9E3NyD1jw/edit#)

# Upcoming Meetings

* [Kubecon](http://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/kubecon-and-cloudnativecon-north-america), December 6-8 (date TBD), Austin

# Past Meetings & Presentations

NB. you need to join [kubernetes-dev](https://goo.gl/C4CR8r) to access all documents.

## September 26, Video Meet
* [Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XkuZToB31AAjOCy4pMxzxS2HHcRj4O_Xu_F84l8ecAc/edit)


## September 12, Los Angeles
* [Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HcyeqfFCZ3pVvUg3HRqEPoAeiRKKH5oERm97kUy27RM/edit)
* [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/198DZzAC22rLGNrLYpoEha-PuJE3QAkSaJdZ37lkJ8r4/edit#slide=id.g19497da556_0_12)

## July 27, Seattle

* [Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EO6S_o6hSRQFDQ_AkaizZd7Ia5N5fSFwAih-GfNGbRw/edit#heading=h.9mbss5g49xcf)
* [Sonobuoy Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/u/1/d/1jw5PJGKVMX_1Hv7pDsAqyq_xQThNEPEfaYaYxQqk6cU/edit?usp=sharing)

## May 30, San Francisco

* [Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nwGwnfvWoDkIdDW5dl2bbbA_nFULrq9xrt1vqpJOE3Y/edit#heading=h.ub3h0cdur849)

## April, Austin

* [Overview](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Nbzi6vl6J2oBk3coGpW_oo1GPmOx7OGOYHDzlo2bxC0/edit)
* [Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OqJDVBaCtn4DfSEyCByAkXkyKtLM7a9sDs_IZmvCbr0/edit)
* [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1M1sesGhXyDDanF2WBr-l0jvyQQlKLH-YK7v2euqBeB4/edit#slide=id.g207a823394_2_299)

## [BoF] March, Berlin

* [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1DbwKE0TiG4hNkHnjerAhyUbvArkcCDw1JNqAWAO90Iw/edit#slide=id.g19497da556_0_12)

Commit message:

Add instructions for reviewing conformance results.

README.md, after:

# Kubernetes Conformance

Info regarding the CNCF K8s Conformance Working Group.

The Kubernetes Software Conformance Working Group operates under the aegis of CNCF. We are collaborating with the Kubernetes [Architecture](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/sig-architecture/README.md) and [Testing](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/sig-testing/README.md) SIGs to help ensure awareness and acceptance of our processes.

The goal for the group is to create a software conformance program that any Kubernetes implementation can use to demonstrate that they are conformant and interoperate. Here is a [list](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1LxSqBzjOxfGx3cmtZ4EbB_BGCxT_wlxW_xgHVVa23es/edit#gid=0) of all known current implementations of Kubernetes.

# Submitting Conformance Results

We have [instructions for submitters](instructions.md) and [for
reviewers](reviewing.md).

# Mailing List

https://lists.cncf.io/mailman/listinfo/cncf-k8s-conformance

⚠️ To view all the docs below your Google account MUST also belong to [kubernetes-dev](https://goo.gl/C4CR8r) (though you don't need to actually receive mail from the group).

# Slack

[slack.k8s.io](slack.k8s.io) #k8s-conformance 

# Documentation

* [Early design proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JsE9itAzL-ZSqKbd5rYnHKKSFW6xK4m50wBj1lTz6Do/edit#heading=h.ub3h0cdur849)
* [Certified Kubernetes Design Brief](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16ORnXNkR-hFQzNZ6aL3OroXM6_zLP4gKME9E3NyD1jw/edit#)

# Upcoming Meetings

* [Kubecon](http://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/kubecon-and-cloudnativecon-north-america), December 6-8 (date TBD), Austin

# Past Meetings & Presentations

NB. you need to join [kubernetes-dev](https://goo.gl/C4CR8r) to access all documents.

## September 26, Video Meet
* [Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XkuZToB31AAjOCy4pMxzxS2HHcRj4O_Xu_F84l8ecAc/edit)


## September 12, Los Angeles
* [Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HcyeqfFCZ3pVvUg3HRqEPoAeiRKKH5oERm97kUy27RM/edit)
* [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/198DZzAC22rLGNrLYpoEha-PuJE3QAkSaJdZ37lkJ8r4/edit#slide=id.g19497da556_0_12)

## July 27, Seattle

* [Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EO6S_o6hSRQFDQ_AkaizZd7Ia5N5fSFwAih-GfNGbRw/edit#heading=h.9mbss5g49xcf)
* [Sonobuoy Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/u/1/d/1jw5PJGKVMX_1Hv7pDsAqyq_xQThNEPEfaYaYxQqk6cU/edit?usp=sharing)

## May 30, San Francisco

* [Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nwGwnfvWoDkIdDW5dl2bbbA_nFULrq9xrt1vqpJOE3Y/edit#heading=h.ub3h0cdur849)

## April, Austin

* [Overview](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Nbzi6vl6J2oBk3coGpW_oo1GPmOx7OGOYHDzlo2bxC0/edit)
* [Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OqJDVBaCtn4DfSEyCByAkXkyKtLM7a9sDs_IZmvCbr0/edit)
* [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1M1sesGhXyDDanF2WBr-l0jvyQQlKLH-YK7v2euqBeB4/edit#slide=id.g207a823394_2_299)

## [BoF] March, Berlin

* [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1DbwKE0TiG4hNkHnjerAhyUbvArkcCDw1JNqAWAO90Iw/edit#slide=id.g19497da556_0_12)
